README.md, before:

# MPIPZ R Package : rsurvival 

This package can be used to help you identify the SNPs in a genotype which are subjects to positive selection. 
You will have to provide a VCF file and a survival vector to get started with this package.

## How to install
We are still in the development phasis of this package. That means that you cannot use CRAN to install it. Please hit the **Clone or download** green button to download the repository. Then you will have to run
`devtools::install('rsuvival')` from the parent directory.

If you do not have the _devtools_ package installed, please first run
`install.packages('devtools')`
and select the appropriate CRAN mirror.

## How to use
You will find some tutorials and documentation on our [wiki page](https://github.com/laurentlab-mpipz/rsurvival/wiki).
This is the best way to start with this package.

## License
This package is under GPL-3.0 license. You can find all the details in the [LICENSE](https://github.com/laurentlab-mpipz/rsurvival/blob/master/LICENSE) file.

## About the authors
Developped by the Max Planck Institute for Plant Breeding Research.

Commit message:

Update README.md : add devtools::install_github

README.md, after:

# MPIPZ R Package : rsurvival 

This package can be used to help you identify the SNPs in a genotype which are subjects to positive selection. 
You will have to provide a VCF file and a survival vector to get started with this 📦.

## How to install

We are still in the development phasis of this package. That means that you cannot use CRAN to install it. Here is different possibilities to install this package : 

* Run `devtools::install_github("laurentlab-mpipz/rsurvival)` in your R console.
* Hit the **Clone or download** green button to download the repository, then run `devtools::install('rsurvival')` from the parent directory.

Note : If you do not have the _devtools_ package installed, please first run `install.packages('devtools')` and select the appropriate CRAN mirror.

## How to use
You will find some tutorials and documentation on our [wiki page](https://github.com/laurentlab-mpipz/rsurvival/wiki).
This is the best way to start with this package.

## License
This package is under GPL-3.0 license. You can find all the details in the [LICENSE](https://github.com/laurentlab-mpipz/rsurvival/blob/master/LICENSE) file.

## About the authors
Developped by the Max Planck Institute for Plant Breeding Research.
